Welcome back to another movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an
overview of a film called 'Peninsula'.
There will be Spoilers ahead,
so please proceed with caution.
In South Korea, a zombie epidemic erupts, and
the government is overwhelmed in a single day.
Captain Jung-seok of the Korean Marine
Corps transports his family on a ship.
He passes a couple with a little girl on the
way, but he ignores their cries for aid since
the guy is bleeding. Jung-family seok's
board a ship where a zombie afflicted guy
infects many others in a stateroom, including
Jung-nephew seok's Dong-hwan. Because Jung-sister
seok's will not leave Dong-hwan, Jung-seok
seals off the cabin as zombies attack her.
As armed troops approach, Jung-seok stops
his brother-in-law Chul-min from entering.
South Korea has been quarantined by
other countries to limit the spread.
Four years later, in Hong Kong, a guilt-ridden
Jung-seok and Chul-min are recruited by Chinese
mobsters for a mission with two other Koreans
to travel to South Korea and collect a truck
holding US$20 million, with the promise of
receiving half of the money if they succeed.
The squad gets on the peninsula by boat
late at night and discovers the vehicle.
The squad fends off and kills the zombie truck
driver, causing additional zombies to appear.
The squad flees when
Jung-seok shoots many of them.
On their journey back to Incheon Port, the crew
is assaulted by Unit 631, a renegade militia
that utilises light to lure additional zombies,
causing the squad's vehicles to collapse. Chul-min
hides in the vehicle as Jung-seok is thrown
out. The other members of the team are slain,
one by the accident and the other by Sergeant
Hwang of Unit 631. Jung-seok is saved in a car
by two sisters: Joon, a talented driver who
can manipulate and kill zombies, and young
Yu-jin. They rejoin their grandfather Elder
Kim and mother Min-jung in their hideaway.
Min-jung and Yu-jin were members of the family
Jung-Seok declined to aid four years ago.
Meanwhile, Unit 631 drives the vehicle back
to their base. They confine Chul-min and force
him to participate in two-minute survival games
against unarmed zombies. Private Kim discovers
the money in the truck and notifies Captain Seo,
who calls the mobsters and devises a plan to flee
the peninsula with the vehicle while keeping the
plot hidden from the rest of Unit 631. Meanwhile,
Min-jung learns from Jung-seok that the mobsters'
ship is ready to pick him up and the truck in
Incheon Port. She chooses to steal the vehicle
with her family and Jung-seok in order to flee.
Jung-seok and Min-jung attempt to steal
the vehicle the following evening.
Jung-seok finds that Chul-min is alive while
holding Private Kim at gunpoint, and interrupts
a survival game to save him, killing numerous
zombies and Unit 631 troops in the process.
Sergeant Hwang murders Chul-min after
he protects Jung-seok from being bitten.
Captain Seo is defeated by Min-jung,
who saves Jung-seok from Unit 631.
In the vehicle, Min-jung and Jung-seok attempt
to flee the property, but are stopped by zombies.
Joon, Yu-jin, and Elder Kim use their automobile
to distract the zombies and liberate the truck.
Unit 631 pursues the zombies with their
vehicles, as zombies attack the humans.
Sergeant Hwang is overrun by zombies after the
family and Jung-seok successfully destroy the
pursuing vehicles. Captain Seo ambushes the family
at Incheon Port after killing Private Kim. He has
Joon kidnapped. Yu-jin diverts Seo's attention in
order to release Joon. Elder Kim guards Yu-jin,
while Seo shoots him. Seo shoots Min-jung in
the leg and flees to the ship in his truck.
Seo is betrayed by the mobsters, who shoot
him. Seo reverses the vehicle as he dies,
allowing the zombies outside to enter the
ship's cargo hold and murder the mobsters.
Elder Kim passes away. A passing United Nations
Chinook chopper is signalled by the family.
Min-jung, who is injured, remains behind to
create a route for Jung-seok, Joon, and Yu-jin
to get away from the zombies. They get safely
at the helicopter, but United Nations forces
refuse to assist Min-jung. Min-jung prepares
to commit suicide while surrounded by zombies.
Jung-seok recalls Chul-min telling him that
he didn't do everything he could to rescue
their family, and he feels compelled to
assist Min-jung. Min-jung resolves to live
when Jung-seok shoots bullets into the air. With
Jung-help, seok's she manages to flee the zombies.
In a helicopter, the family, Jung-seok,
and the UN forces leave the peninsula.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.